CNV-55964: Right-click VM operation in the tree view (#94476)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-creating-vm-snapshot-web.adoc

. Navigate to *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* in the web console.
. Select a VM to open the *VirtualMachine details* page.

> . Click the *Snapshots* tab and then click *Take Snapshot*.
> +
> Alternatively, right-click the VM and select *Create snapshot* from the pop-up menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To take a snapshot, do any of the following tasks:
** Click the *Snapshots* tab, and then click *Take Snapshot*.
** Right-click the VM, and then on the pop-up menu,  click *Create snapshot*.
```
